docs(README): add back extended description (#179)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-viewer: README.md

[![Build and test](https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-viewer/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-viewer/actions/workflows/test.yml)

> _View and interact with multi-dimensional images, geometry, and point sets._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> ![3D View](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86181dad-e1d5-4a70-86a6-762ec48f81ed)
> 
> The ITK-Viewer is a **modern**, **elegant visualization library** that enables **easier**, **faster**, and more **sustainable insights** into your data.￼
> ￼
> ITK-Viewer makes it more _enjoyable_ and _seamless_ to add _beautiful visualizations_ to your software.
> 
> Rendering and user interface components can be flexibly combined and customized when integrated into web browser, terminal, and traditional desktop applications. Standard Web Components follow the [HTML First](https://html-first.com/) philosophy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Interactive visualization for multi-dimensional images, geometry, and point sets.**

![3D View](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86181dad-e1d5-4a70-86a6-762ec48f81ed)

ITK-Viewer is a modern visualization library designed to provide efficient and insightful data visualization. It allows you to view and interact with multi-dimensional images, geometric data, and point sets, making it an essential tool for data analysis and software development.

### Features

- **Elegant and Intuitive Interface**: Offers a user-friendly interface that enhances data exploration.
- **Flexible Integration**: Components can be customized and integrated into web browsers, terminal applications, or traditional desktop software.
- **HTML First Philosophy**: Utilizes standard Web Components in line with the [HTML First](https://html-first.com/) approach for seamless web development.
- **Enhanced Productivity**: Streamlines the process of adding visualizations to your software, making it faster and more enjoyable.
- **Sustainable Insights**: Facilitates a deeper understanding of your data through effective visualization techniques.

By leveraging ITK-Viewer, developers and researchers can create beautiful and functional visualizations with ease, leading to faster insights and better outcomes.
```
